[ADD] [16.0] stock_picking_type_bypass_reservation (#1904)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_type_bypass_reservation/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

1. Create a new storable product without stock

> 1. Go to Inventory > Configuration > Operations Types and select one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to Inventory > Configuration > Operations Types and select an incoming type
```

Author: Cannot be incoming because comes from a virtual location and it's always bypassed

1. Enable debug mode
1. Enable Bypass Reservation

> 1. Create a picking from this location to customers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a picking with the operation types where Bypass Reservation was enabled.
```
